ATM.
Can make a note, hopefully, Cindy and Scott will be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning. Morning. Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see you.
Are you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not in a car.
Nick Graham: No, I'm in my office. I'm actually trying to join the computer so
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Nick Graham: Can you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. I'm going to go open up a note. Don't feel hurry.
Okay.
Nick Graham: 765806
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, you're going to probably get a BP sound. If you have two devices next to each other just prepare yourself, it'll really
Nick Graham: So I don't know if you see it on your end, or how, how, exactly. I don't really know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'll see two logins, that's what I'll see when I when I see a second one, trying to get in and then you're going to want to get off of the one that you don't want to be on because it'll be about you. So your piercing
Gwenevere Abriel: I you'll know right away.
Nick Graham: Oh,
Nick Graham: Yeah, it says it's asking. It's like logging and now I don't really know. So maybe it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, maybe I don't see you yet. I'll see two entries
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see to have your names pop up over in my little weight area. I only see this one at this point.
Nick Graham: 765830613 to
Gwenevere Abriel: Add it
Gwenevere Abriel: Alternatively, you could log out of this one and just login this other spot.
Nick Graham: I think it might be, I guess I'll just have to do not computer because this computer sometimes fails to
Nick Graham: Like launch zoom interviews, because I do interviews at work and stuff to it was. Uh huh.
Nick Graham: I don't know. It seems like it's not working.
Nick Graham: Because if you're not seeing it now, then I don't know when you ever would see
Nick Graham: This
Nick Graham: Movie.
Nick Graham: Yeah, Sunday, we'll get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you use that app for interviews as well the zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you know when it's not working. And when it is
Nick Graham: Correct to be just not be now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're just on your phone and today.
Nick Graham: I'm still gonna try with it.
Nick Graham: Let's see. But in the meantime, I can just do it this way because
Nick Graham: I'm not very good at doing this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the technologies, it's not a perfect system it's dependent on you know a lot of factors here. I don't think it's it's you.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I wonder. Also, you can only get certain
Nick Graham: Meeting IDs associated with when it wouldn't make any sense. I don't know. I don't know how bright heart tracks like
Nick Graham: When
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, for example, I work with families and I'll work with a spouse and they just grab a login. They have an app on their phone. I just got it and I give them my my number and they just log in. It's, it's, yeah, it's pretty seamless so so might be just something going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that particular computer somehow but you try once you try it one time. Just take a deep breath, log out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they start from scratch on your computer. We might like the just do one more big push to see if it
Nick Graham: Works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or no pressure on you. You just just
Read
Nick Graham: Again computer they tried to
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a little bit of a cushion because my next next appointment cancelled. So, you know, the back to back isn't quite happening. So I've got a little bit of breathing room. Okay.
Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to want to get off in this other device.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go to add our connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what's nice about this is I can use the light on this one. And we don't have to rely on on these objects, but we do need to set the distance again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I guess it's probably going to strain your eyes a touch. So you may want to move back about, I don't know, maybe three five inches. Yeah. Probably be like that. So let me. I did open up a note, while you've been kind of getting everything ready
Gwenevere Abriel: But why don't we come to just present time. Just, just do a quick little observation about what came up for you over these last couple days.
I'm
Nick: Really nothing. Nothing much. I guess it was Thursday since then.
Just
Nothing like I don't know. I'm trying to let me let me like to reach for it.
Nick: I've been like working like really long days. So I haven't really like how old
But it's time to like reflect. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, that's good. Right. We want someone who's not in
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good thing. Yeah. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And sort of looking on an emotional level, how has your irritability, Ben, how has a quick sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been refer your inability
Nick: Yeah, that's been
Substantially
Gwenevere Abriel: More like President. Okay, so, irritability, has been there.
Nick: Yeah, it's been there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a
Nick: Little things like like you literally witness three minutes ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, something right some frustration with with the self, like you should be going fast or this should right yeah
It comes from
Nick: Be a little things like like that.
Nick: Like yesterday I specifically happened when I had like we had to deliver a bunch of stuff to the mayor's office. And so I had like 20 minutes in this deadline to meet
Nick: And like I handled it well, but I was like everyone who's trying to talk to me. I was like, just don't talk to me right now. Like, it's just
Nick: So I was feeling like frustrated in like angry and that's that's the thing that happens to me like sometimes too outrageous.
Anger for no reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now what you just described. You're labeling it outrageous anger. But what I heard in the story was just don't talk to me right now. So what now is that what outrageous anger is. I mean, let's see.
Nick: I feel inside. Yes, like the anger is like, like how
Nick: See those papers on the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nick: I like was trying to figure out the printer. In addition to putting like without having any printed thousand petition pages. I like
Nick: Just like papers would print out. Nothing was on it. No, just like throw them like angrily on the ground. You know, like, like, I don't know how normal it is probably normal to be upset, but sometimes like when I'm in that moment, I'm just like so mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that that gives me a better understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how far into it, do you catch mean there's lots of different ways to do that. I think I'm getting frustrated is a normal human reaction. How far into it, do you catch it. Do you stop. How long does that last that
That
Nick: Depends on
Nick: Like what's happening, like so, like for example yesterday there was no time to stop and think about anything because I had
Nick: So much to do, like, well, let me think. Hold on, I think there was a point, let me try to
Okay.
Nick: So there was a point when I like stopped and said like no matter what, like this will get done. Let me think of the creative solution and I wound up like having to email.
So I did think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazing.
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Three to five minutes in. Okay, like panic mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm imagining. You can picture there are people that it takes a lot longer and that could have spiraled into yelling at people right and you, you know, you end up getting written up or canned or even worse, arrested. I mean, it can get can go pretty far where you
Gwenevere Abriel: You know your your sense of urgency and importance of turning this in
Gwenevere Abriel: The media is blown out of proportion. Now, I'm not trying to minimize whatever it was this task and how how much was contingent on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did catch it after three or four minutes and you use sort of that rational mind which is I know this will get done. I just gotta kind of be creative with this.
Nick: Yeah, the thing that I guess like anytime I think about any kind of
Nick: Stupid like just use a different word anytime I think about sometimes when I'm like acting irrational air reminds me of the times when I like actually freak out. And so it's like, I don't like that.
Nick: I don't like that same feeling of like
Nick: blood rushing to my head like short like shallow breathing and it's like even, like, though, that wasn't a big deal. And I believe I handled it well like I
Nick: Compared to like a lot of people like that might be in our again like current leadership in my office like this you know someone who's like ridiculous and yelled at me for not ordering the correct pizza. The
Gwenevere Abriel: Day.
Nick: For her that I'm supposed to. So
Nick: I believe that I didn't like take it out on people, but he reminds me of times when I do okay people. I like care about that too I mainly freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe we can do a little discovery around that and some change around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's it's it's not the direction of depression response. It's a direction of sympathetic nervous system, which is elevated heart rate and I'm guessing right they
Gwenevere Abriel: The rational mind the executive functioning, you're not thinking straight. You're really in that emotion and that's it. You're all limbic
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you probably. Yeah, you're probably thinking of some image or some memory that just really embodies or constitutes one of those just embarrassing or like
Gwenevere Abriel: I just can't believe that was me i can i just regret what I did. Maybe tell me that one. And if you don't want to tell me if it's so embarrassing for you, then you just have to think about it. Maybe we can do some desensitisation around
But
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell it, whatever. Okay, go for it because it can feel good to cut
My hiding, you know,
Nick: Yeah, yeah. Well, for example, the other night like when I freaked out on my ex, and then
Nick: That was one and then the time before when I freaked out on her and then the time before. And, you know, like many like countless times I've done similar responses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's most. A lot of them are to to Sydney
Nick: And others like yeah, also to like I've done it to like I've looked for data. My mom as well because I get it from her, like, well, I probably I get it from myself but she has taught me.
Nick: Like the ways of speaking horrible things in anger, you know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: She modeled it, it sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: A better word. And so she may not have been, I don't know, may not have also or maybe she has maybe you can scan some history. Has she also modeled sort of that temperance. NET Ability to
Gwenevere Abriel: Channel those intense emotions somewhere else and to have thought it through managing sort of impulse control does she model, any of that seemed really
Gwenevere Abriel: Convenient because anybody else model that where you know you can kind of look to it in your in your imagination and sort of picture. Oh boy, I'm looking at this person. And what I would have freaked out. Look at how how they're handling that that's
Like
Well, I'm kind of thinking a personal setting when that when that happens.
Nick: I don't know. Yeah, I mean, somewhere that I could scour my brain for 10 minutes but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't you go maybe it is easier at in the workplace. Has there ever been someone that you sort of admire kind of how they maintain their composure with grace. No pressure.
Used to
Nick: They used to work. I guess like no recent a guy used to work here. And he would, he would do that he would like step would be like burning down around him and he would just smile through it.
He was like,
So that those that's pretty solid for him to be able to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And burning down. Now, if he had to hurry on a short timeline to get something printed. Is that an example of burning down and he would have handled it in a without you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could have handled that. Like, like, well, I think, like, ultimately, I feel as though I handled it well, but
Nick: whatever was going on inside that that that was like the internal like frustration. That's what I'm like, like maybe everyone has that or maybe people can like really just breathe through stuff and they're fine with it. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so, because what you did mention about this guy. Is that what you saw was in smiling, but you don't know what he was going through inside. Right, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you more interested in a less distressed internal experience.
Nick: Because that's what leads to the external is like a like a tea kettle. You know, like
It comes up inside and then it just goes on. Usually, whoever I love is who I like shower with like
Nick: Pence. Yeah. Terrible things. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, those are the people that unconsciously. We know love us and aren't gonna leave. It's a weird thing that we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But normal nonetheless. They do leave until, until they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll, we'll leave the the analysis aside for for a while. Why don't we get a little bit to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do with doing the work. So let's go back go back in time to you know how he were saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to your own recollection of meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: A frustration is what it is like it's a I can't, I can't either immediately solve something I don't have the resources, the information the skill set.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can go back to the earliest event that might take time. So don't hurry it it's most useful if we can find that one and all, all sort of go along with you. I won't be staring at your sort of do it myself where you you couldn't couldn't couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Get this this solution and you ended up acting out right. That's an acting out to tossing of papers or breaking an object or
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: yelling at someone right we're acting out I didn't solve the problem, probably worse. And it but that's all that was left to you as a solution. So try and go back. I'm going to shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can find the earliest one
Nick: I can remember like times when I would like punch through walls and like, stuff like that. But I cannot remember the circumstances surrounding them as
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. I think that's a pretty profound act out to punch through a wall disregard for your own physical well being. It's property that's that's a real sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of helpless to solve this in any other way. So let's go to one of those just one of those images seem like a pretty intense one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, I would think so. Okay, and what he does that put me up.
Nick: It was like maybe 15 but I guess like I don't know. I used to like
Gwenevere Abriel: Act down much more strange way. So I don't know if it'd be worth mentioning, like let's let's see what she can split my family like laughs
Nick: At but like not I'm thinking about. It's like I was in New Hampshire visiting my dad when I was like seven or eight
Nick: And I, something came up like my mom would always like, call us when we were with her dad and get us like mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right ruin the whole thing. Yeah, and
Nick: So I don't know, I, you know, I guess I can't specifically tied to that. So that's just like a general blame for no reason. But so I got mad at like my dad for IT SOME KIND OF IT WAS ALWAYS issues surrounding like
Nick: Whatever him like leaving in. And so we got mad and if I and I like I like ran off into the woods.
And I like
Nick: Covered myself and berries like like it like a Native American like like in a weird, like I like smash berries and like covered myself and then like
Nick: I kind of just acted out in like a really crazy like strange like they were like on a walk like my dad and stepmom to like walk off whatever. And I was like, following them through the woods like with berries like covering me like it was like
Nick: They like it was like funny. And I think at a certain point, I was like, oh, let me just like this is like funny. Let me be funny about this, but I'll probably be the first time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's um let's lift labels of it and see what's there without the labels of funny. Strange. So let's lift those because I certainly don't have them. Okay. Yeah, this is a very young boy I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to communicate something
Nick: Yes, I just covered yeah just made berries all over myself and like ran through the woods. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so the picture I originally had was that you are visiting your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that your mother was remote and only could reach through sabotaging made me through a call to disrupt the meeting, but then all of a sudden they were walking together. I didn't know how those two things went together so
Nick: Well, she she would frequently do that when we would like go out there like sometimes
That's like one time she like like the time and my brother punched her it was after a call. You know, like, like punch my step mom.
Nick: Because she would like call and say stuff like that sometimes, but
Nick: I the anger, I cannot pinpoint it originally like directly originating from a call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and they're not okay. No, I was just maybe I got mom versus step mom next next
Nick: step mom and dad were walking up
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. That's all I just, I'm in Denver long since divorce, like maybe like a few us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So again, if it's okay we'll lift yeah will lift the judgment about it. I certainly don't I have a very deep curiosity about
Gwenevere Abriel: How that was helping you adapt.
Gwenevere Abriel: To them paradox was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: coming at it with sitting here, analyzing it is going to get us there. So I do want to do the stuff that you can have that distraction going on and just let
Gwenevere Abriel: Let let information come in just nice and easy, without hammering at it and forcing it and which is what sort of cognitive behavioral therapy does
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's be gentle. Let's really be gentle. Because I know I'm having a really strong reaction to that really feeling for that little boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: For you right now as you as you you know how I do. And I say, well, let's bring up that image and
Gwenevere Abriel: And the worst part of it, you know, whether it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere with that call. And I don't want to guide you in any way of where that is. But the worst image of that experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: That picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you feel it. Now I want to do a check in and how distressed you are and you know now about those sides that 02 hundred where you have to pat
Nick: Yeah, like I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Digest probably like 20 like 2020 ok so maybe willing to work on it. It's not going to overwhelm. Yeah.
Nick: Yeah, no, not, not, not at all. Okay. Okay.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, if it's more intense. It'll. I just want to make sure I'm taking care of you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got a tight chest and you can hold it there and let's label, it's important we get all of the parts of the brain communicating with each other because the problem was, in some ways, they weren't. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get a label. Let's use the language. And let's see if we can label is seven year olds emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around that imagery would be
Are probably like a frustration is an emotion.
Definitely frustration.
And
Some kind of intense sadness. I don't know if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Certainly an intense something and sadness and frustration.
Yeah.
Nick: It was like always, like, a
Don't think yeah so there was like always an underlying feeling of like betrayal that was like a thing that was ever present
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Just taking some notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's go there and let's do one more piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can tap into what the belief about yourself is
Gwenevere Abriel: And of course, you find it through the I Am.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling worried. We've covered that as that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you can get there.
I would say
I am
I would say misunderstood.
That was a unique expression like
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels really true check on your chest. See if there's real congruency there I misunderstood, see if that's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Betrayal frustration intense sadness and. And here, this, this, this is how I'm going to address the frustration.
Well, I think.
I might want to
revisit that because
Gwenevere Abriel: I think misunderstood would be like how I view it from my current lens like okay
Nick: I doubt back then. I probably felt well I probably felt like there's something not being communicated
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can go there again and and what's ok but what you notice now is I'm I misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's. Why don't we actually go without and see, see where this takes us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have to know ahead of time before we know
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to share the screen with you and these these first iterations. I'd like to do some desensitization. So don't be surprised if
Gwenevere Abriel: The distress increases before it decreases, but the ultimate goal is desensitization. Okay. And then we can move into the more positive ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know you've, you've really benefited from the positive ones. I don't know that we've done a lot of this desensitisation part. So let's let's give that a try.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're a little faster. Whoops. You can't see this yet how to share my screen there. A little faster with with the negative of a little slower with the positive installing so that's a bunch of em Dr jargon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let me know. It's a little faster. All right, let me share the screen here, clunk, clunk, clunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, people have seemed to like this little blue light. So I've been sticking with this one.
Share
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let me, let me first take a look at your eyes. And so I can see if there. They've got a nice comfortable movement left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not straining
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's fine. Okay. Alright. Cool, cool. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Start from and notice how it's kind of fast right a little faster than normal. So this is the exercise. What I want you to do. I want you to pull up the worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that walk right of that that imagery and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'm gonna ask you to breathe, and then I'm going to briefly check in and be very careful to catch what's coming up, you'll share it with me and we'll probably do a few more. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So worst part of that picture and I am misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just looking at for this left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, inhale through the nose. Nice belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Nick: It really does like
Nick: I remember like
Taking off like ran out the front door into the woods like
My family like they were like kind of looking for me. And I remember just like
I took my, I think it was like my clothes off like my shirt. My under my shirt my pants off. And I was like in my underwear.
Nick: And I just remember like
Watching them walk and like feeling this like like angry like
Nick: Like kind of super sad like just staring like out of them like walking up this hill somewhere in New Hampshire.
Gwenevere Abriel: So feeling angry super sad. Yeah, it really angry and like I'm
Like I wanted to like walk out there like in like
See like talk to them, but
I didn't even I finally did a host like
Like running like making like
Nick: Like Native American war cries kind of sound like indian war cries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold down. I wanted to have walked out to them, but I didn't. And then later.
Gwenevere Abriel: We presented in that way. Hold that worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, the most distressing piece of that the most intense and I misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: big belly breath. Breathe it in all the way down the bottom of the long and the exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting go
Gwenevere Abriel: And share. When you're ready,
Yes, just them.
In I think most distressing would be
Like pulling the
Nick: Foliage apart and, like, just like watching them like walk up the hill.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're pulling the foliage and they're walking up the hill.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the most distressing.
Nick: Yeah, I think so.
It can't remember the root of what happened though.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I am misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do this again. Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: First part Western contents image there, and I misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch that awareness as it passes by can be in the body and emotion, a thought for a belief. I think they probably walked,
Either I believe they walked to like like went on the walk to like find me probably
Only thing I can think of right now.
Super like emotionally charged or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the chest.
Nick: Chest is fine. It's kind of like expanded like whatever was going on is like dispersed between like chest and like down to like stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's expanded. Now, it kind of like moved
Nick: Yeah, like, move but like like
Disseminated
And intense like an intensity. It was like one little tight area now it's kind of like spread
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Mm hmm disseminated and spread
Gwenevere Abriel: To not just the stomach.
Nick: At a way lower magnitude
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, lower okay well let's let's go with fat, pay attention to that attend to that awareness tuning into it, paying attention into the viscera.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding that worst thought that worse image. The Worst Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a nice deep breath. I wasn't too far off, we only had about 510 seconds left.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just pay attention. It's okay. Just pay attention to you. Well, that's life. It goes on. There's interruptions. It's the way it is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to you to see what you notice, including the call. It's okay.
Nick: Yeah, it's like it kind of seems like
Nick: As like a wave of
Calm like washes over me. It goes like
From, like,
Nick: Like test like a chest ball like and it's feels like it just goes lower like like washes down, sort of, uh huh. That's like a
Kind of released a physical
Characteristic that I'm like noticing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion that you're feeling right now.
I don't know what a
Nick: So so emotion is like, I'm kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a small amount of one or another. So just
Nick: Yeah, calm calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your body is it also relaxed or the muscles relax or the viscera is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what about in the stomach, what's what. Is there any charge in there. Now, it kind of like
Nick: Like, I guess.
Nick: As it goes away. It feels like like drinking warm tea and you know you can like kind of feel it, like, just like go all the way down. Yeah, that's kind of what happens like whatever the feeling like the tense feeling
Like goes down.
As though. It's just being like
Just like washed down in like a not intense sort of way, just like goes away. Like it just sit down and like my like a lower like abdomen. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's go with that in lower abdomen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's pull that image up again worst part.
Gwenevere Abriel: I misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding it in your working memory right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding it there as long as she can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe in together. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to turn to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me what shifts changes. What's your awareness is
The word like
Mistrust like comes up, like I don't know in what context.
Or in one sense, but
That word is like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And are you noticing, it's, it's also there's a charge in the body with that word.
Nick: So whatever that this is kind of like
President in like
Like tight stomach lining of the stomach like like working its way back
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that feeling. And I want you to. Now, see, see if there's another memory. You can earlier even more intense of mistrust and that that stomach sensation that stomach being charged
Nick: Chronologically I can't really
Gwenevere Abriel: nothing's coming up specifically knows particular nothing I can like, think of earlier like
Nick: I remember like my former stepfather that like I remembered not trusting him. He was like a giant dig.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old were you at that time, and even around the same age of seven.
Nick: Okay. It was like recent think very soon after my parents divorced my mom like remarried. This guy because she wanted us to have a father figure. She says, and married him like very quickly. Any stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what emotion goes with this one.
Probably
Nick: At this point, probably
Confusion like
Nick: Yeah, like, for some reason, they're like,
Nick: Kind of triggered like really fucked up memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so something you've got some memory effective shit that I like, forgot existed. Okay, so we got unthinking age seven ish
Nick: Yeah yeah my. Oh, fuck yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can choose to tell me or or just hold it. What do you want to do.
Nick: Yeah. No, I'm cool with telling, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Us let your body know that that's in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a lot more resources you're you're with someone that cares about you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that energy that fucked up shit yeah can still be running some of the decisions about your current life and and maybe our work together, we can we can change its meaning we can put it in the past and leave it there so it doesn't have any influence or intrusion on your current life.
Yeah.
So I'd have to like
Probably put it to words.
Nick: So,
Nick: I was probably
Six or seven and at the time I had
A step sister. She was one year older than me.
Nick: I just didn't brother who was two years older than me.
Nick: And an older stepbrother it was maybe
Three years older than me and
Nick: Wow, man is a bunch of shit so
Nick: My sister. Sister at the time.
I remember my like brother like called me in and he was like
Nick: Hey, like, look at this and like
She was like, he like he was like
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he hurting her. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah Oh honey, I'm so, so sorry. Oh, that's so confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hurtful to everyone.
Yeah, she's probably
Gwenevere Abriel: She's probably affected by that, too. Oh, yeah. I hope she's getting some help.
Us like encouraging like
Nick: He like he like calling all the brothers and he was like, hey, like, look here like
Nick: That's your whatever it was, like, oh, like, my heart is like like obvious saying like, what the fuck
But also, like,
She's like probably
If I'm old enough to remember she's old enough to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: But she's just she's getting care. Okay, we're taking care of you. You don't have to feel for her. We're going to take care of you. That was fucked up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so confusing for a little boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's bigger than you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you to do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you did you get to tell anybody. No, I never did ever. I like
Maybe fleetingly thought of it.
Nick: I would probably wager to say like whatever this is, you know, like therapy stuff you're trained to do, like, I don't know if that's like a thing that people like repress things and like under certain circumstances, they come out but
Gwenevere Abriel: This is normal. This definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you noticing me because you're not doing this alone. Can you tell that I care. Yeah, okay. Okay, good.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to your tummy goes there, Nick, just go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And feel that I care for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you're not wrong, what was going on around you was wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Illegal wrong and should have been stopped immediately and everyone in that room needed professional help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone was crying out and saying there's something really wrong with our family system and all these kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were smearing berries on themselves just trying to make sense of an absolutely crazy confusing life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, young people just try to solve the problem. The best way they know cow.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be utterly confusing for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one to tell
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, how do you weren't that to a mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: How to word that to a stepfather, who's a deck. This is right, just where do you go to not go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's your refuge.
Right.
Good question.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's bring in, let's bring in these positive images with this. Okay, let's have some some good stuff get into this network that hasn't been visited maybe for a long time, or very rarely
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you, do you have access to pulling up those those positive images. Those your figures you bring them into your mind or do you want me to go in and note remind Jeff.
Nick: Yeah, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Now this this iteration is going to be much slower. Okay, they're going to be, it's going to be a slower movement and I want to add something else to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it after let's first get all the yummy and the and the safe nurturing and wisdom present. Okay, let's do that first. Then we'll go into this other cognitive stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what just stress level are you at right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably a good 90 yeah okay so let's let some let's feel better.
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It is the past. And you can think about it, it's not happening. Now you're with someone, it's telling you that's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's wrong. And I would have
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotten everyone immediately to safety. Every one of those people every one of them recording. Okay, they all needed help, and rescue
Gwenevere Abriel: Me Utley
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so bring up that that sense of that inner, inner connection with with protection and
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing some wisdom, but do this scary stuff this hard stuff and pulling that imagery. If you can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's let's see what happens with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and short. Let's breathe in together. Breathing into that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me when you're ready, what comes up to you.
It just like
I think like
Nick: As I was a child like growing up.
Nick: There was like generally like chaos in one form or another happening.
And I think that
The reason that my protective figures are like
Nick: Spirits of forest mountains is because I, being able to go outside.
And like
You know, I mean,
Into the woods to like play yeah like
Like going through like
Like to narnia you know like
Nick: The word job almost
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really different than your reality. Yeah.
Nick: So yeah, that's really all the further I gotten
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we go with was that go with that. That Narnia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Access to that that portal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that worst image. You're doing great. Hang in there for it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold these two experiences together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice inhale into the bottom of the alarm big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling letting it all go
It's good to think that
I don't know, I guess if like back then I was able to escape it then like
Escape is like, you know,
Probably possible from any challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Escape to safety.
Escape to safety escape to distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that connects you. I don't know. It's pretty big. But let's just go with that. Let's go. Escape to to safety and destruction are possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: And won't be doing this one too long to kind of go short on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope that Worst Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there is escape to safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I bet I'm not sharing. I'm just staring at about myself. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was doing the therapy here. Yeah, I'm like I was thoroughly enjoying it all about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling me all your childhood experiences as
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, that's a nice looking at the time. And no, it's 10 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you're looking at it and let me make it full screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice, nice giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring that WORST piece. Hold it there be present without sense of all that quality and maybe even in that Narnia and I always have the ability to escape into distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: All together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Share when you're ready.
You know, think of like a positive like
Like outlook.
Nick: Which I guess is the goal, but like I can't think of when I think of escape. I think of the fact that out of the four boys present three of us became drug addicts and one well two of us during the Navy me and AJ joined the Navy.
Nick: Myself and to have the other brothers also became drug addicts, so
Nick: Like I think escape like
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a negative opinion about that word, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What I would invite is this other word which is it safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, that's different. That's a different experience. So that distraction word was risky. Maybe we won't continue to do that one. Okay, well, we'll do, we'll, we'll put in the safety idea. So let's, I want to be able to see here. So let's look at each other for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that in that negative that WORST piece for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know, in a sense, what the belief about yourself is in that, you know,
Nick: I would probably say that like
Gwenevere Abriel: Being a trial. Okay, let me try to explain. I am I am
Part of a really shitty thing that happened to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm shitty
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a part of something shitty
Gwenevere Abriel: Shitty
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes. Yeah, definitely. Alright, so now
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time on this. Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see this imagery on some little boy, five, six year old and you know you're, you have this sense of good, bad, right, wrong about that time you know something's off. I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm a part of something shitty I'm part of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: watch very carefully what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you want to believe about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the I Am. That wouldn't been ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief about you. What would you like to have believed about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can walk me through it and I can help you if it doesn't come quickly we can kind of wander through your free association here. Yeah, I think at that point, like
Like wanted to not
Do that and I wanted to like
Nick: Like not be there for that. And I wanted to tell, but I was told, like, Oh, we can't tell you know you can't like, Tell. And so I probably wanted to be honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am honest. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what you would like to have been thinking, Yeah, okay. Okay, so we're gonna we're gonna work that one. Okay, so hold down one up. We're listening to snap this negative network you have visited in a while. Okay, so I am honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold it in there. We won't go along, if this is last if they last too long. I can shorten them. Are they lasting too long for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I stopped sharing a better not.
Do that to you again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the valley.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Nick: Surrounding that event.
Nick: I was like a child like a like a six, seven year old kid and so
Nick: I probably say that like I was kind of innocent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you were
Gwenevere Abriel: I am innocent. We're going to go with that.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am innocent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale, I had to mute myself. I've got a trombone player in my house.
Nick: Saturdays, probably not used to
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being able to do on Saturdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Practicing I think it's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like therapeutic. Yeah.
Nick: Like a scale or something to
Me like reframe some things like
Yeah, so
Nick: I think that, as a result of that experience like
Nick: Like I like I never did that to anyone. Again, like it. It brought like some weird shit up like that it like that like that that taught me to have weird
Nick: Things that I did like later on as a kid, but I guess like that so
Doesn't quite matter as much right now but
Nick: The idea is that
Nick: It's like a child like I don't know anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a child I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I was innocent, and even like
Like potentially
Nick: There's probably like a lot of guilt carried
From that kind of thing.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But guilt speaks to that somehow you had freedom to to take some sort of action as a as a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little guy. You don't. You didn't have it when someone says, Don't Tell, and they're bigger and stronger and you don't have a safe environment of trust in your mother in a stepfather in a stepmother. You had no refuge. You had no wonder trust came up. There was no one to trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no one to tell you would have if you knew you could go be an honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honest boy to him at least said out loud, whatever this confusing thing you just saw, to have an adult decide right from wrong but you to vote least uttered it
Gwenevere Abriel: And then an adult would manage what to do six year old six year olds and supposed to know what to do what kids are supposed to do, is we just we say whatever is on our mind our adults filter it through the belief system of the home and whatever culture dominates we shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, what, what to do and here's how we would do it. And we model what to do and we relieve you of any burden of having to wonder, and we keep you safe you had
Gwenevere Abriel: No choice.
You
did not feel guilty.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was nothing you could do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had no one you could tell
Gwenevere Abriel: You had, I think, over time, I'll probably hear more and more about how this system could have created people that would even in their wildest imaginations would would want to hurt one another. This way, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a system that's not that one brothers bad either. It's a that's a system. There's something yeah really bad going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you said, like in like in different ways. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then that goes backward and then his family and his family and the key is, we have choice now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're looking at something very difficult now and you were able to bring up words like I'm I'm innocent. Right. And I know you're you're you're you're using this word guilt. But guilt sort of says that you failed to do something, but there was nothing you could do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Understand, yeah.
Nick: Yeah yeah I think like in life. I've carried a lot of it, like, like I guess like that's more like what I'm getting at is, like, I think that Gil has been carried
Gwenevere Abriel: As a result, yeah. Whether or not it's true. And, you know, perhaps, that has shaped like certain things later on. And it sounds like you're alluding to some other things that you want to take a peek got
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just in terms of like reason that I have a negative self image potentially
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah well connected
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's see what charges left. How much charges left in the body right now. See if you can scan scan those those very informing parts of you often that that gut and just see what's going on in there.
It's pretty
dumb down
Gwenevere Abriel: And what negative opinion assessment judgment emotion. What is still left let's let's label that what's still floating around.
Visited guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then revisit it. So I mean it's guilt. No, I don't. I don't. I don't think I
Don't think currently there any like things that are proud of any kind of negative emotions or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there were negative emotions discuss today. They weren't so what I'm asking is that that's okay would be normal. But let's let's let's be gentle and respectful of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they don't just wander freely. Let's put them in in the box or let's do some distancing from them, which would be better, putting it in the metal barrel with the band around it and we open it up together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very carefully and deliberately
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you want to send it down. The tram. My only concern with tram and it always has.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that it stops at the bottom. And I always wonder if it just stops there if it stays in body. I always wondered that metaphor, something about it always struck me difficult because
Gwenevere Abriel: It stays at the base, you know, and I listened to how you talk about how how this energy moves from the chest and then it just stays in the bottom of this gut. So for me, I guess something comes up around wanting something where it really does just drift away so far that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you can't see it. Yeah, definitely. Like you're insane maybe right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do, let's do river and whatever maybe it doesn't have a name. Maybe you can picture. It's a blob, or it's something okay whatever the is left whatever the charge whatever the energy
Gwenevere Abriel: That it is not your responsibility alone to have to work through this that you and I are doing this together. Okay, you had to go through this by yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have to this time. Okay. And whatever it is that you learn in here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Becomes yours. I don't promote enabling so that you're left with no new skills, everything we do in here. You're going to own and you're going to have your own write your own therapist inside. Okay, so I'm not going to create dependency, but for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, kind of nice to have somebody who who's here for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's let's do it together. So I'm picturing it myself. For me it was this really black Targhee blob.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's on a log for me when you do your own imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And have it pass down a river moving further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would invite you, as I'm I'm inviting myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be surrounded and embodied
Gwenevere Abriel: With the wisdom of what I know to do to protect myself and keep myself safe and I invite you to do the same with nature and its innocence and purity.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no mixed message in nature. It's not no confusion here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is wise and simple, direct and honest.
Nurturing protective
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are there with it on the riverbank
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to witness distance with this imagery of this thing floating further and further away so that you can barely see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe not see it at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you remain
Gwenevere Abriel: With the qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Of safety gross and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our sort of closing experience and
Gwenevere Abriel: You doing okay right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, excellent. If something comes up if dreams get get funky because you haven't visited this in a while. I've highly recommend keep a little pad of paper next door if it decides to intrude in your dreams that would be normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, if other big emotions come up. Don't judge yourself on it be a witness to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me you can journal it, you can always put it in the container can send it down the river and just say, Hi, this is meaningful something important is happening. I'll bring this to the therapeutic environment, and we'll talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to if you need a quick outlet. You can certainly text it to me. Also, if you want immediate access to connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I have aware of your not too distant experience with
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The suicidal ideation. So it's those come up with those creep in. I want to know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have they been
They haven't been
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and really the goal here, right, is to maybe be unearthing some of these unconscious things that might have contributed to
Gwenevere Abriel: That being a solution and maybe they won't be a solution anymore. You know, once there's no rejected part of the self. There's nothing. There's no longer anything to be afraid of. And then there might be more. I will tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hold space for what you shared today and a lot more. So I'm I'm perfectly capable of hearing more and containing more just want you to know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for sure. Okay, so let's schedule another session, thinking about your schedule and not wanting to your finances to get too out of control here for you. What would you like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have something pencil, then
See
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Done Wednesday or Thursday. Yeah, I haven't penciled in for 8am. On February 20
This Thursday, right,
Gwenevere Abriel: This week is going to be when you see, take your time right now. I happen to have Tuesday, also at eight o'clock don't know how long that'll last Oh actually, there's a lot of a lot of idioms open for some reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday has an 8am Tuesday and then Thursday we we mentioned
Yeah, let's do you see
Nick: I probably I think like
Nick: Maybe Tuesday. Like for me, like obviously like this did bring like weird things up and I don't believe I'll react poorly to it, but maybe sooner would be like
Gwenevere Abriel: A better like make sure like this again.
Nick: Just in case like some weird shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And don't be shy about reaching out with even a little text. Okay. Doesn't have to be long winded. You can send me a little emoji if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm going to erase February 20 I'm writing and next appointment is February 18 at 8am. This was lovely. Being able to meet in here. It doesn't mean we have to do, em, Dr. Maybe we'll, we'll do some different work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depends on kind of what comes up for you. Okay. But I loved it because I love the fact that you know you weren't struggling with the connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the quality of the video and the sound on my end it anyway was was great. Um, if it turns out you want to play with carving out time really early. If people aren't in the office really early.
Nick: Like 7am
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: No one should be here between seven and eight. Yeah. And then in subsequent weeks if you tell me. Yeah, we want to do that, what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I have people that typically I could do the following February 27 minutes seven is at this point, I've got sevens booked up next week, believe it or not, it seems crazy but if people do it before work, you know, yeah, totally. Yeah.
Nick: Yeah, I think, yeah, I would probably even just scheduled at 27th at seven as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and we've got lots of time to change it if it just all of a sudden the context of your work and personal life just shifts, we can change it. Okay, it's plenty of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least I'm protecting this spot for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did some really hard work. I hope you're proud of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for going over time. Yeah. Yeah. I'm honored and I look forward to seeing you again. Okay, reach out if you need to. Please, please, please don't be shy about it. Thank you get to you. Have a good week YouTube